fix: ensure csrf token is string (#9365)
codeigniter4/CodeIgniter4: user_guide_src/source/changelogs/v4.5.8.rst

**********

- **Database:** Fixed a bug where ``Builder::affectedRows()`` threw an error when the previous query call failed in ``Postgre`` and ``SQLSRV`` drivers.

> - **Security** Fixed a security issue in `Security` class where CSRF token validation might fail in specific malformed request inputs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Security** Fixed a bug where the CSRF token validation could fail on malformed input, causing a generic 500 error instead of handling the input gracefully.
```

> - **Security** Fixed a bug where the CSRF token validation could fail on malformed input, causing a generic 500 error instead of handling the input gracefully.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Security:** Fixed a bug where the CSRF token validation could fail on malformed input, causing a generic HTTP 500 status code instead of handling the input gracefully.
```
